hi I'm will with pbteen and this is a
redesigned style tile system we've
updated our iconic modular system with a
new hanging mechanism to make switching
out tiles easier than ever and it
requires less holes in your wall to hang
most of our individual tiles measure 16
inches square our new oversized monthly
calendar measures 32 inches square
our classic frames measure 32 inches
square and has four tiles our 48 inch
square set houses nine tiles to install
the system first assemble the frame with
the four side rails on a large flat
surface using two screws in each corner
attach 3m command strips to the back of
the rail press fasteners together until
they snap position the frame on the wall
at the desired location marks where the
d-rings will fall using the paper
template that's a d-ring mark use a
level to ensure the template is properly
aligned tape or tack the template to the
wall using a sharp pencil mark the wall
through the template at the locations of
the black dots the resulting marks on
the wall are insertion points for your
mounting hardware for drywall use
supplied anchors for wall studs use the
screws provided use the screwdriver to
secure a screw into the installed anchor
lift the frame so that the two d-rings
located on the back panel align and
engage with the protruding screw head
he's a pencil to trace the inside border
of the frame remove the frame next
attach the cleats that arrive with each
tile to the metal strips using the
barrel nuts provided with the frame
using your level measure where the first
metal strip should be installed from the
frame marks measure 29 millimeters down
and 12 millimeters over with a pencil
mark each location for mounting hardware
hold the metal strips against the wall
so that the four holes align with the
installed anchors or wall marks make
sure that the aligned edge of the cleat
faces up and away from the wall and
secure with screws
the remaining metal brackets should be
16 inches apart repeat metal stripped
installation starting with the lower
left hang each of your tiles from bottom
to top gently lower the product until
the cleat on the product firmly engages
the wall mounted cleat the last step is
the finishing touch layering the frame
over your completed set firmly press on
the 3m strips for a snug fit
now you're ready to enjoy your new style
towel system